Document the org_config Object (#3490)
SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI: docs/org_config-reference.md

# org_config Object Reference

> The `org_config` object can be used in the `cumulusci.yml` file to read a large number number of attributes of the Salesforce org currently used. For example, in a [custom flow step](https://cumulusci.readthedocs.io/en/stable/config.html#add-a-flow-step), you can use a `when`clause to adapt the behavior of the new step to the type of org (scratch org or not) by referencing the `org_config.scratch` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `org_config` object can be used in the `cumulusci.yml` file to read a large number number of attributes of the Salesforce org currently used. For example, in a [custom flow step](https://cumulusci.readthedocs.io/en/stable/config.html#add-a-flow-step), you can use a `when` clause to adapt the behavior of the new step to the type of org (scratch org or not) by referencing the `org_config.scratch` attribute.
```

The following information is documented here in the application's source code :
https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/blob/main/cumulusci/core/config/org_config.py

## org_config Object Attributes

-   `access_token` : access token currently used to authenticate with Salesforce

> -   `installed_packages` : comma-separated list of package names; a dict mapping a namespace or package Id (033\*) to the installed package version(s) matching that identifier. All values are lists, because multiple second-generation packages may be installed with the same namespace. Beta version of a package are represented as "1.2.3b5", where 5 is the build number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `installed_packages` : comma-separated list of package names; a `dict` mapping a namespace or metadata package ID (starts with `033`) to the installed package version(s) matching that identifier. All values are lists, because multiple second-generation packages may be installed with the same namespace. The beta version of a package is represented as "1.2.3b5", where 5 is the build number.
```

-   `instance_url` : eg `https://crazy-demo.scratch.my.salesforce.com`
-   `instance_name` : eg `crazy-demo`
-   `is_advanced_currency_management_enabled` : `true` or `false`
-   `is_multiple_currencies_enabled`: `true` or `false`
-   `is_person_accounts_enabled` : `true` or `false`
-   `is_sandbox` : `true` if the org is a sandbox
-   `is_survey_advanced_features_enabled`: `true` or `false`
-   `lightning_base_url` : base url ending with `.lightning.force.com`
-   `namespace` : namespace of the org
-   `namespaced` : `true` if the org has a namespace

> -   `org_id` : orgid of the Salesforce org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `org_id` : Organization ID of the Salesforce org
```

-   `org_type` : eg "Enterprise Edition" or "Developer Edition"

> -   `organization_sobject` : whole Organization SObject (see the [Salesforce documentation for the Organization SObject](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.object_reference.meta/object_reference/sforce_api_objects_organization.htm))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `organization_sobject` : The Organization object (see the [Salesforce documentation for the Organization SObject](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.object_reference.meta/object_reference/sforce_api_objects_organization.htm)) for the org.
```

> -   `scratch` : true indicates the org is a scratch org. False indicates it is a persistent org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `scratch` : `True` when the org is a scratch org.
```

-   `start_url`: the frontdoor URL that results in an instant login, like `https://mydomain.my.salesforce.com/secur/frontdoor.jsp?sid=...`

> -   `user_id` : user id of the current Salesforce user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `user_id` : user ID of the current Salesforce user
```

-   `userinfo`: user OAuth2 information (see https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.remoteaccess_using_userinfo_endpoint.htm)
-   `username` : username of the current Salesforce user

## Other org_config Object Attributes

-   `config_file`
-   `config_name`
-   `latest_api_version`
-   `name`
-   `salesforce_client`
-   `sfdx_alias`

## org_config Object Methods

> -   `has_minimum_package_version(package_identifier, version_identifier)`: True if the org has a version of the specified package that is equal to or newer than the supplied version identifier.

Reviewer: Using `true` everywhere else:
```suggestion
-   `has_minimum_package_version(package_identifier, version_identifier)`: `true` if the org has a version of the specified package that is equal to or newer than the supplied version identifier.
```

>     The package identifier may be either a namespace or a 033 package Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The package identifier may be either a namespace or a `033` MetadataPackage ID.
```
